hello and welcome to this ICT n special
presentation as the Erving Heritage
Society marks the 50th anniversary of
the assassination of President John F
Kennedy the group invited two speakers
with insight like none other to share
their memories of the day and the Irving
connections the biggest connection can
be found in this South Irving home which
at the time belonged to Ruth Paine Lee
Harvey Oswald stayed here in 1963 now
the City of Irving is converting this
home into a museum that recognizes its
place in history in this program you
will hear from Buell Frazier in 1963 he
was living with his sister on West fifth
Street and gave Lee Harvey Oswald rides
to and from work his actions led to some
shocking questions and accusations you
will hear him describe but first Huw
Ainsworth he has been a newsman for 65
years and was a witness to some of the
events on November 22nd 1963 the multi
Pulitzer Prize nominee wrote JFK
breaking the news and he begins this
program at the Central Library well it's
nice to see you all here and Bill and I
are gonna kick around a few ideas and a
few memories and I don't know how many
of you were here in this area in 1963
but Dallas was a rather festering
situation there were arch conservatives
who hated Kennedy and began in the
Dallas news that morning they had
several functions during that time
period month before and there was some
fear that that mr. Kennedy might
shouldn't come back John Connally was
governor Warren d Adlai Stevenson
warning because Stevenson had been
attacked about a month before but the
Democratic Party needed to pull their
ranks together the Liberals and the
Conservatives and if they were going
to win in 64 so the Kennedys figured
they they really sort of had to come to
Texas because they hadn't done that well
in the last election in Texas but it it
was it was tenuous a lot of us thought
that there would be something
embarrassing done because there were
there were groups that were predicting
they were they were going to press up
and Uncle Sam suits they were going to
have signs and placards and there was
just a hate Kenedy mood and this wasn't
the old city this was this was a small
cadre but a very vocal Academy and I
wasn't assigned to the story at all and
I felt a little left out because I
covered Space Flight in aviation and
things like that and they just didn't
need me on that beach so that morning I
felt a little left out but I decided to
walk over anyway because you don't see a
president every day of course so I
walked over and I wasn't there too many
minutes when the motorcade came down
main and it was it was vibrant it was
exciting it was it was really warm they
got the finest ovation finest reception
that you could imagine and it was almost
over as they turned he's at left turn to
go out to the Trade Mart and then
suddenly three shots boom boom boom
nobody knew where they came from nobody
the configuration there of course
there's buildings on two sides open area
on two sides you couldn't tell where the
shots were coming from you didn't know
who was shooting you didn't know how
many were shooting it was it was a
really scary and chaotic situation and I
remember I didn't have anything to write
on so I
I have reached him my pocket and got a
couple of envelopes my gas bill and my
electric bill and then I didn't have a
pencil to write with so I took a pencil
from a little boy gave him a couple of
quarters ran off hits and his daddy was
looking pretty mean at me I don't know I
was lucky to get out of their area and I
started interviewing people and still
nobody knew there was all kind of rumors
Lyndon Johnson had been hit they said
and that's because a Secret Service man
jumped on him and protected him they
thought he was hit and there were all
kinds of you know people going in all
directions you didn't know where to go I
probably would have run
had I known where to run but then
suddenly it sort of kicked in I am a
reporter
don't ever pencil on paper but I'm worth
I've got start talking to people so I
did and then soon not too long I know
that you always is a reporter in those
days now today's different we've all got
the all the phones we've got the
equipment of all kind but in those days
the only way to know what was going on
was get close to a police radio so I
heard this call come in from Oak Cliff
where the officer had been shot and I
don't know what made me think this but I
thought if the president is shot shot at
at least we didn't know then and a
police officers killed three or four
miles away it's got to be connected so I
grabbed a couple channel 8 people I
didn't have a car over there but I got
in a unit channel 8 with two guys who we
rushed like mad over Hill clip they
interviewed all the people who were
there and then they didn't know where he
went
the guy that shot to Cup so then once
again I get to a police radio and I hear
that they've got someone suspect in the
Tex
Theater so I hadn't eaten breakfast I
drank too much coffee but I had to run
and I was hungry but I ran up this Texas
theater got in there just a little bit
before they they grabbed him and that
was that was strange because there's one
of the strangest things I saw as they
took him out of there
one of the police officers kept putting
a hat over his face and I wondered why
why that was you know when you shoot a
cop you don't forget that much privacy
generally but at that the whole city was
in chaos because they were taking
tremendous blame and the whole area her
ring too and bule will tell you about
the Irving connection here in just a
minute but it was it was just and two
days later of course you know what
happened they they kill us and that was
just stupidity to move him at an
announced time but there again they had
heard all the commentaries from the
national television saying this is Lee
Harvey Oswald this is how he looked at
least worked for the Dallas police got
him well that made the city manager and
the the fathers of Dallas insist that
they move him and announced the time and
you know what happened there but I'll
stop now because we're gonna have a lot
of questions I think and I want to
introduce Buell I've got know he's a
good friend and he's one of the most
honest people I've ever met and I want
to hear what he has to say - okay thank
you
let's start with that morning November
the 22nd 1963 how was that morning
different than any other boring really
it wasn't
what was very unusual was that Lee had
came lead on his own he decided to come
down to the house where I live with my
sister and brother-in-law and three
children and I was eating breakfast and
my mother was there
and she looked up and there was a man
looking in the window where the kitchen
sink is in the house and my mother says
it's starless she said who is that and I
looked up and I said all that's lead
that's a guy that we're on to work with
me today so he after noticing looking in
and and he knew that we had seen him he
come around to the back door there
coming into the kitchen and the dining
room there and I told him I said I'm
running a few minutes late I said I'll
be out there in just a few minutes and
so I grabbed my lunch and we walked out
to the car now Lee had already been out
to the car because he had put a package
on the backseat my late sister Lainey
may Fraser Randall she passed away this
past December on December that 20th she
had seen him carrying a package and she
didn't say anything to me about it so
when we were getting in the car and I
was saying down I clasped over my
shoulder and I saw this package on the
backseat and I asked Lee I said what's
in the package he says curtain rods he
said don't you remember we talked about
that yesterday so I said yes I do
remember and I never thought anything
else about it and we we laughed
and he and I wrote together to work I've
been having trouble with my old car
there was a couple guys that had cars
one of them was a guy called Kenny
Thompson I worked with and then also the
gal do I know that most of you would
recognize his name if not his picture
she's really lovely and so we used to
help one another
whichever car started and when we used
to go home and if Billy's car wouldn't
start where I take him home and his wife
was a fantastic cook she always had to
play enough for a young hungry boy but
you're 19 years old you're always hungry
so getting back to that day we we got
into work and I was sitting there and I
was trying to charge my bear hoping I
put enough juice in it didn't start well
we first got out the car and he stood
there for a minute
and then he saw what I was doing and he
says I'm gonna go ahead well he turned
around and got the package and walked on
well we had to walk from the parking lot
where we parked our car Khloe's like
myself it was he was a good 200 yard 200
meters or more and what we had to do we
had walked from the state warehouse up
to the Texas schoolbook they're on now
Alma Houston and in between these two
warehouses for some of you there lived
in this area you might remember it was a
big rail switching yard there that's
where they put a lot of trains so I
always watch the trains as I walk along
the tracks and by the time we got close
to the Texas schoolbook
well lead was quite a bit of waste in
front of me
and I ain't take anything about that
because I looked at my watch I still had
plenty of time time to get in there
before we started work and not be late
and did when I got inside the warehouse
there off the dock he was nowhere to be
found
I don't know people might say well where
did he go I I really don't know worry
did you seem that morning at all if I
did now I did see lead during the
morning off and on and I know we had
been there for a while
and all of the guys is one guy named
junior Jarmon he always bought a paper
on a way to work and and the paper there
showed the parade route that the
presidential parade was going to be
coming right by Texas schoolbooks there
on Houston and elm and so we just went
ahead working in that about around noon
time around 12:00 we all stopped working
but are always working on orders and we
went outside and to get ready to watch
the parade yeah I remember of one day
parade turned off of Houston Street onto
Elm and I had seen pictures of Jackie
Kennedy and the president when they were
somewhere else
not in Texas but and I mean I made a
remark to myself and uh well yeah I
think by the name of Sarah
it was staying beside me I said look
ain't she beautiful she looks just like
the picture in the magazine and it was
really hard for me because I was saying
and now I know how fortunate I was to be
able to witness that it was really
remarkable and now but will you run into
a little bit of difficulty later in the
day and the police took you and
questioned you pretty harshly yes they
did
matter of fact after the president was
assassinated and the people began to
come back into the building and go to
their different workstations where is
where they was working for our
publishers and the publishers obvious or
down in the warehouse where we were went
back to work we started and then we were
told that they was having a roll call
outside mr. truely's office on the first
floor so we all appeared and they went
through a roll call there and everybody
was present except Lee but was I shocked
for that now because there was there was
some sandwich shops not too far away and
I remember him not taking these Lots
that day he always used to carry carries
lunch and I know she didn't have his
lunch that morning we left work he said
well I'm gonna buy sorry thinking you
think back because I had dialed I walked
down to a couple of sandwich shops on
different cases myself and so he went
back from I ain't thinking think about
and they would had dismissed us that let
us go home
well I looked at my watch on the way
home and I looked at and I said well my
stepfather was along with my mother she
was up they were up visiting my sister
and he was in the hospital at Irving
Boulevard in pioneers
there's prime pioneer was about here
Medical Center then said what he's
called anyways were hospital there and
so I stopped by there to see him I got
noticed that there had a call and so I
totally lady answered the phone she says
we got a call for you at the front desk
I said well just patch it through I said
I'm here doing something helping a nurse
and she says well I'm new I really don't
know how to do that she says you need to
come to the nurse's station
that's it fine
and so hoping the door to go to the
nurse's station and that's when I was
met very quickly with two detectives one
of the same detective rose and another
one was Stovall and they quickly put me
up against the wall very quick it really
shocked me because I didn't have any
idea what was going on I said what is
going on here I said what are you doing
and I said well we're arresting you I
said rest me for walk I said we're
taking you downtown rescue friend
reference to the death of John F Kennedy
I tell him I said I don't know anything
about that I wouldn't do a thing like
that so today we're gonna put your cuffs
on me and I tell the guys they don't put
the cuffs on me I said I don't have
anything I'm not guilty of anything I
said why should I run I said we'll just
go down and get this straight and I said
I'll be on my way
well we left the hospital there and then
we stopped by the Irving Police
Department and Nick talked to some
sergeant there for a while and then we
went on downtown to the police station
there on Harwood that's where it was
right partly and I was there quite
lengthy
it started off long sessions with
detective rose and Stovall some people
might say interview and me it wish it
was more than interview I could I had to
look straight ahead into a wall and I
couldn't look sideways and he asked the
same questions different ways over and
over and over
well they quit and they would quit and
then
another team would comment in the same
question over and over for hours captain
Fritz got into your face actually didn't
he yes captain fritz
I met captain fritz at night November
the 22nd never had seen or heard of the
man didn't know anything about him he's
a little short man red face
captain will Fitz I'm sure and all the
time he worked with a doll split apart
I'm sure he did a lot of good things for
them but the way he treated me was
totally uncalled for because I've never
been in any type of trouble have any
tight well he come in and when he came
into the room where I was he had a piece
of paper started sighs typing paper and
pen he said sign this well I started
read that and he wanted me to confess to
being part of the JFK assassination I
told him I says I'm not gonna sign it I
said this is ridiculous well he drew his
hand back to hit me and I did more on my
block his cuz he was like over here
worth mr. Ainsworth this and blocked and
I told you my sister you know there's
some policemen outside that door there
but I said well they get in there I said
we're gonna have one hell of a fight and
I said I'm gonna getting some licks in
on you I said I'm not signing that well
then he restored snatch it up got it
watering it up - it up and stomp down
the road and I never did see the man
anymore after that
how many hours did they actually hold
you
well they picked me up early afternoon
and the let's start let me go home
around 9:00 o'clock little action I
thought and then they got a call and
they brought me back to the station and
then when they brought me back same two
detectives rose and Stovall and my
sister was with me by the way
dan that's where they fingerprinted me
and did the routine mug shot old routine
and I went through some more questions
time time I got out of there and got
home it was the early hours of Saturday
morning
it's a its ordeal I've never forgotten
well and then later on when you went
before the Warren Commission they sort
of gave you a tough time too didn't they
yes they did
explain that to us okay my sister and I
we went as I said my sister miss lady
Mike Fraser Randall they arranged for us
to come to washington DC to testify for
the warren commission and we both
testify I didn't do it the test during
my testimony they would ask me things
and they would try to get me to change
my testimony to what they wanted and
what I would not do that now here's
here's the catcher listen this real well
they said oh he doesn't know he's just
mistaken write to me it just said you
just soon to punch me in the face
because I've never forgotten that and I
read some of their comments how could
someone that wasn't even there know all
the answers I don't know all the answers
and I don't know anybody does but when
someone you testified before somebody
and you tell them the truth and they
don't like your answer
oh he's mistaken he just doesn't know
but they were trying to get you to
explain why you didn't notice the gun in
the back of the car because it was not
that that's what they wouldn't by the
police department here in Dallas didn't
do it and neither did they and why we
were there testifying before the Warren
Commission my sister not both had to
make bags what we saw that day for only
just a glance for my memory we had we
didn't have way
I'll say we had was a pair of scissors
and tape and paper and we had to make I
can't tell you how many bags I made and
what they couldn't understand how they
could come so close to what outside it
was entirely different than what they
wanted me to say be quite frankly will
you I don't know how the rifle got in
the building and I don't think they do
either because if they did they wouldn't
be asking me they'd already know but
then again they might ask me to see what
I tell I would tell them so I really
didn't think too much about going up to
Washington testifying for the Warren
Commission I will say this
accomplishment in the name of Gerald
Ford he came by and he spent some time
with my suture not during our short
lunch break there while we testified at
Warren Commission and I don't know where
you Republican or Democrat that doesn't
make any difference to me mr. Ford
showed us the courtesy that I did I
thought was very very well he did very
well it ain't it was so shocking our own
now was then President our Vice
President Lyndon Baines Johnson he never
gave you one man in his time and I often
asked myself I know the president United
States and vice prez really have a lot
of things to do they need something so
important I'm pretty tight dystrophy
medicine come by and see how my sister
and I was doing that's the first time
we'd ever been to Washington that's the
first time we'd ever been on an aircraft
and you're surrounded by people you
don't know and I'll tell you what one
thing I got out of this
and I'll always share it with me I have
a hard time trusting people today
because before this happened I grew up
in a small town where everybody knew
everybody and you were friends and
everybody was your friend and you knew
what they would think it but then the
thing that I moved to Dallas moved
Irving and worked in Dallas and then
this tragedy happened and the things
that I encountered I will never forget
well bill I think that these people will
want to know but your relationship with
lead what did you talk about what kind
of guy was I'm sure they're interested
that's a good question mr. Ainsworth
Holly was a very quiet person he's very
dedicated whatever he was doing he was a
quick learner he was very smart I know
some people say well have you feeling if
you're an order filler you know I you
don't have to be the sharpest knife in
town well I Got News for you when you're
when you're dealing with hundreds of
tiles and at that time we we covered a
five state area it's New Mexico Texas
Oklahoma Arkansas and Louisiana public
schools as well as colleges we haven't
had every type of textbook there that
you could think of well his it was
people that work during the warehouse
but everybody couldn't be an order
filler because it was just too much the
grass you got to be a quick learner and
and you had to get things right mr.
Shelley was a great boss but I mean he
run a tight ship he won a lot of arrows
you had a lot of orders to fill every
day Lee was a a type of man that
he wasn't a big talker he wouldn't
initiate a conversation but if you'd
asked him something he would tell you he
would answer you I know several
occasions that he tried to he's launched
in the break room where the guy he's
owned played cards and dominoes and will
he try to mix them with him but that
didn't go too well
and the reason why was because if just
just take any one of you and myself and
leave we had witnessed something that
happened say like out there on what the
street on Houston Street going about
Texas School Bus and if we was to each
set down and tell the group I think what
went on out there so if there was an
accident or something
well they would be able to understand
you probably can relate to what you
would say and myself but then when Lee
would tell it Lee told you he was
telling the truth but the words he would
use to describe what actually happened
and then naturally they didn't
understand some of the vocabulary he
used so therefore they would kind of
make fun of it he was the joke of the
day but there was a joke to me because
he was a lot of help to me did he ever
discuss politics or mr. Kennedy or
anything knows one time when we brought
home from work he asked me he says he
said you follow politics I said no I
said I'm not interested in politics and
I said you probably wonder why I said
well you know people are politicians I
said you can't trust him
because I said they'll lie to you and I
said I don't want any part of that that
business I said my my life it and what
I'm doing is more important than trying
to figure out what politicians telling
me the truth or not I said I don't give
him the time of day and that was all we
ever talked about now back and forth on
our rides out on Friday you know we
talked about the traffic the weather
just general thanks nothing talked about
his kids love do you yes he did now the
thing is if I wanted to get get him to
talk it I would ask him I said well are
you looking forward to fan C marina they
had one child and she was pregnant with
a second one and I think the second one
was born right before the fascination
birth did not dad I didn't know until
later but I knew he had to one child and
and he would he would choke won't he
would think about something and he would
tell you something funny that they had
done together something they had shared
but leave was a type of man that my
three little nieces you should go down
the street about half a block it was a
big oak tree there and he used to play
with the kids in the neighborhood and I
used to hear my little nieces talk about
late that they thought he was a nice man
and he was kind and yeah I know that a
lot of publications you read about Lee
Oswald he probably never heard that line
said he played with children and he was
very kind but he was
I sometime I think about Lee what do you
be like today how how he would adjust to
what's going on in the last 50 years but
we'll never know that because we know
what happened on Sunday morning when
Jack Rubinstein also known as Jack Ruby
in the basement of a police building
walked up and shot Lee and Lee died a
short time later over Parkland Hospital
well Buell I guess people might be tired
of hearing you and me let's take a few
questions
sure
it also means assassination if that
wasn't in your backseat
I think it's unsure how did it get there
I mean what was he putting in that
backseat
it wasn't curtain rods so what was it
yes
first thing no one knows what was in
that bag but leak the second thing if it
wasn't deep rifle in the bag which we
know it cannot be because if he was to
take the Italian Concarneau rifle and
take the barrel off of the stock it
would not fit in that bag that I
described and so therefore the next
question how did it get into the Texas
schoolbook depository that's a very good
question I don't have a clue and then a
lot of other people I don't think know
either somebody probably knows but
nobody's going to tell you that
the fact that you passed over your right
shoulder didn't really give you enough
perspective into place the right length
on that package I don't want to be an
honest mistake on your part is that
possible well I can understand your
question there but the thing is again
the way he cared the package act he left
the car you would have seen the barrel
sticking up above his shoulders mr.
Ainsworth and I we both worked for
history of America tours for what it was
about four years and one of the people
that was on the panel with us is also
another writer by the name of Joseph
Thompson he someway found a tack on
Carter rifle and he brought it to the
meeting where we were meeting there with
the people that had signed up for the
history of America tour the JFK tour and
there's no way taking the barrel off
with a stop you could put it down a bag
24 to 26 inches long there's no way you
could yeah
didn't just see it on your shoulder you
saw him leave the car with it everything
cracker but the man back there said
something I've never heard before
did they really say is that legitimate
that there was no need for her trots at
the house okay thank you
you brought that up what I found out and
that I did not know at that time that
the room that he read it on back way
there it already had curtains in the
room since I had never been there I've
never been the proven house even today I
would not know that I was there that
afternoon and were very nice curtain
rods and there was no need for curtain
rods so beginning to what the three the
three questions and so far and I've told
you in no way that that rifle you could
break it down and fit in that bag so
what some people think excuse me
is that I'm lying about it but I'm not
my eyesight was 20/20 then his 20/20 now
with glasses on and I guarantee from boy
growing up in the country that he used
to hum I wouldn't know a rifle when I
saw like right here in the in the bag
they found wasn't their fluid in the bag
that matched the rifle or some
now that I don't know now I've heard
that but I don't know that for sure
yeah I know the bag that they presumably
found had you don't like for you at all
a rifle and things like that I've heard
that I've never seen that bag with
regard to Lee and his typical work
assignments would it be unusual for one
of the workers to be able of an in fact
steal away and set himself up where Lee
did and no one would know that he was
there okay that's that's a good question
that's possible but see on that morning
that Friday morning they were working on
the sixth floor a number of guys that
were working in they were putting down
I'll take his half inch to 3/4 inch
plywood because the old floor they was
thought was getting weak if you look in
these old warehouses just down there in
that area the beams that run through the
building they're huge like this and they
got big post ever so far and they were
working there on the sixth floor I
didn't see leave much that down on day
on November 22nd that morning I did not
see by being order filler I talked or I
tried to teach Lee everything I knew I
can go from the basement to the seventh
floor
now the second third and fourth floor
were offices the fourth floor was a
partial office and rest that was
warehouse and according to the
publication there's only order I would
go anywhere to get those and so Lee
could move around pretty freely and
Steve on one floor now and 30 minutes
later see somewhere else is nothing
unusual
but Wow
so he wouldn't be missed if he walked
over this way now to another floor no
see because going up all the different
floors you could use and two freight
elevators there right close to the
loading dock that he walked up on that
morning we always walked up there was
two freight elevators and then over
close to where a Billy Lovelady used to
write off the freight bills there was a
staircase you go up the stairs to
different floors
well logistics is aside you do believe
that Lee Harvey Oswald fired out that
window don't you well I've bent over and
the ballistics the ballistics show that
the rifle that they found the rounds
were fired out of that rifle
well that's a good question how would
they how would they make me a suspect
well I guess because he and I spent a
lot of time because we wouldn't always
write together but when we first started
he would just like a shower I guess
because that spent so much time whether
you teach him how to fill different
publishers how about over here if
Kennedy was shot at 12:30 and now
instead of 1:30 and mr. Ainsworth you
said that you went over cliff you know
and when lead was apprehended at Texas
theater
two o'clock how did they make the
connection in Irving you know because my
wife went to school with Diana your
niece and she said that when she got out
school 2:30 FBI CIA someone government
people were already in Irving you know
questioning your family yeah how did
they make that connection that fast if
mr. Angel
now that I don't know I wish our friend
Jim Lavelle was here because Jim
prevailed as you well know was the
policeman that Detective that leave was
handcuffed to that morning that Jack
Ruby shot and shot him in the basement
there Jim Revell might be able to answer
that dad I don't know
do you have any ideas i I don't really
know I know that the there were several
news media reporting everything that
went on including the police officer
shot and they capture in the theater and
but I don't know how they got there that
fast either well you know just makes me
wonder you know that he was set up you
know the CIA
you know connection or something but I'm
just wondering people have questioned
you at the hospital when you went to
visit your father-in-law the two men
that arrested me there at the Pioneer
Medical Center was Detective Rosen
detective Stovall they was out of the
Dallas Police Department once again how
do they make that connection during that
fast when they were blender over
to apprehend them suppose you know
killer of JFK now they make that urban
connection that fast thanks Pete I would
imagine that they checked with Roy truly
at the depository and found out that he
was missing and gotten where his address
yeah but his address is back wait wasn't
that is true well it's not my father is
my stepfather okay Wow
the way they found that out is that they
had they had come out to my sister's
house and they asked but we're easy
because they had been there and searched
the house and and I had a briefs in
field 303 rifle and they took that for
ammo and I had a 16-gauge double-barrel
shotgun and they took that and they kept
that for quite a long time forever got
that back why they took the shotgun I
don't know I really don't understand
about the rifle I had but I guess they
were just doing their job
well I asked him on Thursday when he
wanted to go out I said will you be
going home with me on Friday he said no
and but when I'll have work on that
Friday November the 22nd 1963 one of the
things that Lee and I did a lot of times
we listened to the radio I turned the
radio on going home and that's when I
learned that they had someone cornered
out in Texas theater
I don't know cliff and later they made a
rest they rested the individual and they
said the man didn't give his name they
said that he had he had been to Russia
well I knew Lee had been to Russia but
we never talked about that the way I
found out about that I think was for my
sister and she told me that Lee had gone
to Russia and that's where he married I
met marina and they were married and
then he came back to the to the United
States but far as knowing that that was
Lee that they arrested at that time no I
did not girls won't listen Texas School
Book Depository left his weapon there
where did he acquire the pistol that he
killed Roger Taney tips with he he rode
a bus for little ways and he got in the
cab cab took him over close to his
rooming house on Beckley he went in
there to use his jacket got the pesto
prior to the 22nd how long did he work
there did you know him from the
neighborhood before that okay the first
day that I actually met Lee Oswald was
the first day he reported for work which
was outside of mr. Shelley and mr.
Trudy's office they called me over there
and introduced me to leave I did not
know Lee before that I know you may read
things that I do leave before that date
his first day at work and that's totally
false
I met Lee there that morning mr. Shelley
introduced him to me said this is Lee
and he's gonna be working with us I want
you to teach him everything you know
about filling these orders no that was
just four or five weeks before was yes
he's a short time had and also when we
would ride out on Friday afternoon to
Irving to see his wife at miss Payne's
house we never did anything together we
never stopped you anywhere we never went
to the movies we never went for a beer
or anything that was just straight from
work out for the Paynes house I dropped
him off and I never did see until Monday
morning what he did who he talked to
what he was involved in I had no idea
initiatives
no sir I do not know how many people
work there because you would have to
take in consideration the people that
worked in the publishers offices as well
as the people that worked in the
warehouse I have never heard anyone say
the exact number and far as anyone
living out in Irving but you surely
lived and I think Dallas and he moved
herbing after that happened but I worked
with a man after this happened he lived
he lived in Irving for a short time but
during this time we're talking about
November the 22nd 1963 the only buddy I
needed lived in Irving that actually
worked there was myself and then Lee
would write in with me on Monday morning
from being with his family at the pay
house
what that I don't know no like I said
when I tell you he'd ride out with me on
Friday afternoon
what do you did between Friday afternoon
Monday morning I don't know but you
remember he only spent but eight or ten
days in ER v total well he spent Friday
afternoon into Monday morning and he did
that I don't have any weeks there yeah
and he went to he went out to Irving
with me every Friday except one and I
asked him why he was going in and he
told me that he was practicing obtaining
his driving license and he's gonna go
practice taking his driving test that if
he did that I don't know if you get out
or not
all right I don't have any idea
made up a time just be receiving that
similar
but they said that
when the policemen in there they're
running like crazy in the building and
because they do a shot it's very later
and mr. truly they found off while
sitting in the luxury bag sale drinking
a coke very relaxed and mr. truly told
off off the president's been
and they made a big deal out of half a
wax we would you know anything that
point that really took place I don't
think he was sitting he was they stopped
him in front of the door didn't think he
was in the lunchroom there that may have
been one of the most one of the few
things that were actually true when do I
realize well shortly after the third
shot yes I heard the shot I was standing
on the back in the shadows there when
you walk into like the Texas schoolbook
building today you walk up and there's a
space there and I was staying there
watching the parade back in the shadows
you can't see me but I was there Wow
after the third shot he was really
mayhem there and indeed he plazas people
is Ronnie and highlight screaming and a
lady I had walked down and were sitting
right there and probably the first step
and a lady come by and she was crying
because she had been down the sidewalk
somewhere down toward the triple
underpass and she come by and she said
they have shot the president and so
thorough the lady out staying by up on
the top step back in the shadows we
looked at one another
and we really didn't have a lot to say
we just listened what the lady told us
and we stayed down there look look while
right there at the entrance and then
people began to come back in go back to
work but before that they policemen
there were a lot of placing around there
very quickly and some I've already had
there there are pistols out of their
holsters so I said to myself I said just
stay still no I worked I worked I stayed
there and it worked at the School Book
Depository I left there the the end of
July I think that ah and from there I
went to the army for a while see I got
one of those nice letters
Fareeda now the people in your community
had volunteered you you spent about 20
minutes in the car on what was this guy
if you believe that Warren Commission
was about to shoot the president
what was this demeanor like was the
radio on in the car
did he seem nervous looking back at it
at the situation you're talking about
that morning November the 22nd he was
just like he was just a typical old
South like I said the only thing
different about that was was that he had
walked down to my sister's house usually
I would pick him up he'd be coming down
the sidewalk the whole reason he got
there and put the package in the back
seat because I was running late I should
have already been through he and my
breakfast from what a pabich caught him
coming down the sidewalk like I did a
lot of times do you recall any
conversation in the car on the way to
work or was it just silence
oh we listened to the news and the music
and and I I made a comment I said well
this is this is nasty I said I would
either rain or stop this whole mess
ya know I said all right does just mess
up the wind chill
I did yes he on that Thursday the 21st
he had approached me down on the first
floor there well we used to bring a lot
of the orders the freight orders he
asked me he says can I ride home we'd
just afternoon I said sure and then a
little while later a Donald oh I miss it
it's not Friday it's Thursday
well when I ran into him a few minutes
later 20 30 minutes waiting wherever the
time was I said well you want to go home
today for I said days Thursday I said
you don't ever go to Friday and then
that's what he told me this story he's
going home to get the curtain rods to
put up the curtains in his apartment
Ernie's rooming house said that room he
was written by never going out there I
didn't know that
I know sometimes the people has Quest me
in the police department in the morning
means they think they're kind of odd I
didn't know about what was in his room
and you know his room I don't know where
they come up with that but they did and
I asked him to the best of my ability
since then I have been out to the house
their own factory with my good friend
Dave Perry but I've never been inside so
I couldn't I couldn't tell you even what
it looks like on the inside what was
going through your mind
the piece of paper that the police
handed you well I'd been to a marathon
I'm questioned but that's like somebody
just punched you right square in the
face how's it this is ludicrous
this is nuts I said I'm not saying yes
and then that's where captain well Fritz
was gonna strike me but that never
happened because I put my arm up and
block T why he would do something like
it I don't know I can't answer that he's
not here so he can't answer that so I
guess I guess maybe he thought that they
could pressure me into something but the
thing he wasn't aware of was that my
stepfather was a tyrant yeah you were
used to that yeah it was he was a very
hard worker he's a workaholic and he was
also an alcoholic and I knew I could
tell when I see him coming I could tell
before you even got closer I could tell
but he's complexion and the way he
walked if he'd been drinking and he'd
been drinking you know sometimes people
when they drink they become happy and
some become angry and mean while he was
the latter so I used to stay away from
me and then when I got into the military
and they gave me some of those chores
that make a decent person go nuts they
ain't bothered me you're starting to be
hollering and screaming you face it far
they couldn't intimidate me because I'd
already been intimidate so so many years
of my life so I guess in a way
I ask myself sometimes maybe living in
the house with him
maybe prepared me for this and maybe
that's why I could I could stand up to
captain will friends because I wasn't
gonna MIT to do anything I wouldn't do
it I wouldn't do anything like that in
my wildest dreams because first thing
it's wrong I don't care we you like the
person not if a person I was public
office they should be able to run for
public office and serve their you may
not just like it you may disagree with
him on some things and you may not like
them
as far as killing someone that does it
that doesn't sit well with me we would
jord varo ask some good questions